RHDEVDOCS-4112 - Updated spec.sso operator documentation (#47381)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-disable-dex-using-spec-sso.adoc

// Module is included in the following assemblies:
//
// * configuring-sso-for-argo-cd-using-dex

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="gitops-disable-dex-using-spec-sso_{context}"]
= Enabling/Disabling Dex using .spec.sso

> In {gitops-title} v1.6.0 `.spec.dex` is deprecated and support will be removed in v1.9.0. Dex can be configured through `.spec.sso.dex` parameter.

Reviewer: Consider giving the user a brief explanation of what Dex is. For example:
```suggestion
You can configure {gitops-title} to use Dex as its SSO authentication provider by setting the `.spec.sso.dex` parameter.

The alternative method, setting the `.spec.dex` parameter, is deprecated in {gitops-title} v1.6.0 and is planned to be removed in v1.9.0. 
```

Reviewer: “The most important sentence in any article is the first one. If it doesn’t induce the reader to proceed to the second sentence, your article is dead.” — William Zinsser, On Writing Well

Author: @rolfedh IMO the second line "The alternative method..." is not required. It is already a part of the IMPORTANT note.

.Procedure

* To enable Dex, set the `.spec.sso.provider: dex` parameter in the *YAML* resource of the Operator:

+
[source,yaml]
----

> spec:

Reviewer: - The indentation here is different from that in the other module. Please verify the indentation of both YAML examples.
- Also, please use ellipses to indicate truncated code in code blocks:
See "For snippets or sections of a file, use an ellipsis (…​) to show that the file continues before and/or after the quoted block." in https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc

  sso:
    provider: dex
    dex:
      openShiftOAuth: true
----
+

> * To disable dex, remove the `spec.sso` from the Argo CD custom resource or switch to a different SSO provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Otherwise, to disable Dex, either remove the `spec.sso` element from the Argo CD custom resource or specify a different SSO provider.
```

Author: @rolfedh not sure why to use the "Otherwise". Enabling Dex and disabling dex are two different things. Skipping that part, implementing rest of the suggestion.

// Module is included in the following assemblies:
//
// * configuring-sso-for-argo-cd-using-dex

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="gitops-disable-dex-using-spec-sso_{context}"]
= Enabling or disabling Dex using .spec.sso

You can configure {gitops-title} to use Dex as its SSO authentication provider by setting the `.spec.sso` parameter.

.Procedure

. To enable Dex, set the `.spec.sso.provider: dex` parameter in the YAML resource of the Operator:

+
[source,yaml]

> ----
> spec:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----
...
spec:
```
Please use ellipses to indicate where you have truncated content from the code block. You might also consider including the few lines that appear above this spec because it helps the user identify which YAML resource you are mentioning.

Reviewer: See `modules/adding-a-custom-logo.adoc`

```
. Edit the web console's Operator configuration to include `customLogoFile` and `customProductName`:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit consoles.operator.openshift.io cluster
----
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.openshift.io/v1
kind: Console
metadata:
  name: cluster
spec:
  customization:
    customLogoFile:
      key: console-custom-logo.png
      name: console-custom-logo
    customProductName: My Console
----
```
